add note about changes (#68)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-FrontendLocalization: Documentation/SettingUpLanguages/Index.rst

Setting up languages
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. note::

    Steps shown on this page apply only to TYPO3 v9 and older versions.

>     In TYPO3 v10 and more recent versions languages are setup differently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In TYPO3 v10 and up languages are set up differently.
```
